Input and output constructs are the ways in which the user
and program interact i.e. how the program communicates
with the user and vice versa.

The most simple input and output constructs are those
declared in stdio.h and conio.h, namely:

printf() function: This function takes a formatted
string and outputs nearly anything we might want by using
format specifiers to "print" (display) variables, other
strings, and others. The "f" stands for formatted,
indicating that format specifiers are used.

scanf() function: This function asks the user for input
and can store the inputted value to a variable, pointer,
or replace a value in an array.

===========================================================

Datatypes of C are the different types of data that a
variable or array can store. C is a strongly typed
language meaning that a variable must be declared along
with its data type, and that a variable cannot store or be
treated as if it stores a value different from its data
type.

The different data types declarations are: 

int (integer): This data type is used to store signed
(positive or negative) whole number values. It has a
fixed size and cannot be used to store numbers greater
than binary 01111111 11111111 (roughly 33,000 in decimal)

float: This data type is used to store signed decimal
values. It is used for added precision but it is slower
for calculation purpose. It is 32 bits in length.

double: This is a 64 bit data type that can store with even
more precision but even less speed of calculation compared
to floating point.
